The Data is divided into four tables:
Table 1 (Emergency Department status) - A detailed breakdown of the number of patients in each resuscitation area is included in the Emergency Department table, which offers a status overview for all metropolitan emergency departments. The ratio of patients in an emergency department to the total number of available treatment rooms is used to determine the emergency department's status. Green indicates that at least 20% of the emergency room's treatment rooms are available. Amber indicates that 5% to 20% of the treatment rooms in the emergency department are open. Red indicates that 5% of the emergency room's treatment rooms are open. White indicates that every treatment room in the emergency department is currently occupied. Every hospital has procedures in place to make sure that even during times of high demand, they can continue to operate safely and efficiently. Depending on the type of care they require, all patients who arrive at an emergency room are triaged and seen as soon as feasible. For each emergency department, the last three hours of ambulance statistics are shown in this table. It contains the quantity of clearances for ambulances (Clr). The proportion of ambulances that were cleared but took longer than 30 minutes to exit the emergency room is known as the average clearing time (ACT). Due to the intricacy of their needs, higher acuity patients' ambulance clearance periods may occasionally take longer.
Table 2 (Triage categories) - The five-tier Australasian Triage Scale is used in the emergency rooms of metropolitan hospitals in South Australia to classify patients. Based on each patient's unique clinical requirements, nurses and physicians utilise the scale to determine the clinical urgency of each case. The scale goes from triage category one, which is used for patients with conditions that require immediate attention due to their potential for death, to category five, which is used for patients with less urgent diseases. The Ambulance Service dashboard's triage category table shows the current patient count in a particular emergency department by emergency category, patients waiting to be seen as of the time (WTBS) and the quantity of patients receiving care (BT).
Table 3 (Inpatient Gen Bed status) - A current summary of all general inpatient beds in metropolitan hospitals is shown in the table below. It exhibits how many patients have been hospitalised and are awaiting transfer to an inpatient bed (WFB), the total number of patients admitted to the hospital as of this writing (OCC) and the total number of hospital beds (Base).
Table 4 (Available Specialty Beds and Capacity & Occupancy tables) - The Actual Number of Beds Available for Each Speciality Area at Each Hospital is shown in the Available Speciality Beds table. The actual capacity and occupancy figures for a selection of designated sections in each hospital are shown in the Capacity and Occupancy table. The 'capacity and occupancy' or 'available beds' buttons, which are found in the upper left of each table, can be used to toggle either of these tables.
